I heard them call Viking
by a Russian name.
but I can't figure it out.
Comrade Siniyovich.
Government advice here
is for Westerners
not to leave the city.
Previously on The Agency...
If anything takes you by surprise
in the field. there's
an 80% change that it's us.
- I don't know what I'm doing.
- I'm here. And I do.
You contacted Hassan Zamani?
I told you that getting in touch
with him was strictly forbidden.
Martian said he persuaded you.
Why am I being dismissed?
You didn't follow my orders.
Don't go up there. it's a mess.
We had a break-in.
Stay at your mom's tonight.
We haven't had an agent
high up in Iran in many years.
Gremlin stays on Zamani.
You're back in charge of Gremlin.
My job is to return to the west
and to tell everyone
they've got the situation
in Sudan all wrong.
You need to access.
Snow White's cell phone.
Look for the word "Siniyovich."
It's Russian for "navy blue."
If you find Siniyovich.
there'll be video on Telegram
in an hour of Owen getting his brain
smashed through his mouth.
You've seen my face before?
No. No.
Don't lie to me.
Your sister. Robyn
she showed me a picture of you
when you were a kid. That's it.
I don't know anything.
Please. just -That's not the first time
you saw my face. and I want you
to think long and hard
before you answer.
Because I've seen yours before. too.
We lost tracking.
Switch over to the GPS in his boot.
All right. Heading south
towards Kaga-Bandoro.
All right. what about
your AU special forces units?
Could they intercept?
Last report. they were
hit hard in the kidnap.
Need time to regroup.
Valhalla moves in convoy.
Given the hardware
the Russians have in country.
they won't be a soft target.
Air support?
Nothing less than two hours away.
Air to ground puts Owen
at even more risk. not less.
What about the guys
who sheep-dogged them in?
They're a few minutes away.
They could intercept.
but that blows their cover.
They're our only assets on the ground.
Two men against an armored column?
Odds aren't great. but
these two are highly capable.
What's your call?
This my call?
It's mine. I want your opinion.
Well. is the question if
I'd risk two valuable operators
in a last-ditch attempt
to save one of ours?
Crossbow and Paris
are five minutes ahead
of the convoy on the road.
If Owen enters a compound.
we lose him.
No.
Stand down...
Crossbow and Paris.
So we abandon Owen?
When a mission goes bad.
it's our job to call it.
Hail Mary Time.
You've seen Apocalypse Now?
Yeah.
Swim upriver. find the devil.
Congratulations. You found him.
Look...
I-I don't know who you think I am.
but I'm just a nurse.
I came to this country with Robyn
to work for an NGO.
We're volunteers
with a medical aid charity
out of Bangui.
I have their number.
Y-You want to call them?
What? No.
Those aren't even mine.
Those aren't mine.
Those aren't mine. Those
W-We were on the road. I.
Those-those aren't No.
those aren't even my boots. I...
I don't know what that is.
These gang members
they stole my shoes.
They gave me those boots.
I don't know what that is.
That's not mine.
Please. you have Look.
Vernon. you have to believe me.
This is just a mistake.
Please. please. This is a mistake.
No. God.
Vernon. don't do this.
Jesus. Please. God.
No. Vernon. don't do this.
You don't have to do this.
Please.
Please. don't do this.
Stop. stop. stop. stop. Wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait. Wait. Vernon. look.
Talk to me. Talk to me.
Look at me. Look at me.
Look at me. I'm begging you!
Stop!
No! Don't do this.
- Stop! No. don't do this.
- Shut the fuck up!
Stop! Wait. stop.
No.
No. Stop. Stop.
You a lucky motherfucker.
You're going home in one piece.
More or less.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
The American.
Is he alive?
He's alive. We have him.
What's wrong?
Good job. Blair. Great thinking.
Well. it was Martian.
I should have listened to you.
Is Owen okay?
He's alive.
Is he okay? Is he hurt?
They're doing everything
they can to help him.
What does that mean?
It means they're working to stabilize him
so he can come home.
And he's coming home thanks to you.
I'm here to see Jim Bradley.
I'll need your cell phone.
then I can get you a visitors pass issued.
Follow me.
- It's good to have you back.
- Thanks.
Hey.
- That was a rough one.
- Yeah.
You did good. Martian. As usual.
Is that why you fired me?
See?
I told you that he would
have a sense of humor about this.
Henry.
Any news on Owen?
Yeah. he's at St. Tobias.
Lost his right leg at the knee.
Sorry to hear that.
Yeah.
Henry?
You want to say something?
Not really. but I guess I have no choice.
I called for your execution.
Bosko favors resurrection.
He trusts you. I do not.
Wow. you really
sugarcoated that. didn't you?
Yes.
Yeah.
All right. I can't hire you back
to your old job.
There was a clear breach of protocol.
but you saved Coyote and Owen.
and your steer on Hassan Zamani
is proving prescient.
If insubordinate.
Iran is
expanding its nuclear program.
The rate of production
for uranium enriched to 60%
is being significantly increased
at their underground facility.
Fordow?
Yeah. Under the mountain.
The Iranians are not racing
ahead like this
- to stockpile.
- Which. in and of itself.
has no credible civilian justification.
Yeah. Langley thinks that
there's a timeline to a detonation.
Majid Zamani. Hassan's father.
is the main advisor on the expansion.
Getting closer to him is the game.
So I was right.
- Yes.
- Then fired.
Well. why don't we just say transferred?
Listen. I want
to make it clear that I'd fought
tooth and nail to prevent this outcome.
but I accept it only under the condition
that I never work with you again.
Can I talk to you alone?
- Fuck off.
- Henry.
- Take a walk.
- No. thanks.
All right. Your emotional
outburst has been noted.
Now give us five minutes.
Sit down.
This won't work.
Okay. What do you want?
My job back. with Henry's support.
The first. I can do.
Let's face it. you never looked
right sitting behind a desk.
So. what's my official status?
Who am I working for?
You worried about
Blue Cross Blue Shield?
- Your pension?
- Well. as you know. sir.
- it's always been my focus.
- I'll cut a deal. You stay alive
long enough to draw a...
a penny. I'll cover it.
What's the mission?
Find the fucker who crippled Owen.
Pick a team.
Maximum resources.
I'll need full access to agency files.
All assets in the CAR Clearance
to run sources in Antwerp.
and a signals package
from the boys in the basement.
Congratulations. Brandon.
You're officially a ghost.
The Sudanese people
are suffering because of your
side's refusal to negotiate.
You want to talk about negotiation?
Right now. right now. in Sudan.
17.7 million people
are facing acute starvation.
This man is an RSF stooge.
angling for a position
in Hemedti's government if
he comes to power. You support
criminals guilty of genocide.
You parrot your General Hemedti's lies.
You are a paid liar.
Is Dr. Samia Zahir a paid liar?
No. Dr. Zahir is a respected
ally of her people.
Experience has taught me that...
Sudan's greatest hope lies in dialogue.
The route to peace...
must recognize the leadership
of General Hemedti and the RSF.
I believe that. today.
Mr. Rahman represents a way forward.
A more comprehensive
and moderate one.
My release
shows that the RSF and their allies
have humanitarianism at heart.
Things have moved fast
since you were last in Tehran.
The Popeye file
has just become category one.
Lots of eyes on.
His father is frontrunner
for a top job. What do you do?
Define strategy
for a targeted recruitment.
Build in on his
ambitions. his dreams. hopes.
and expectations.
What are his weaknesses?
Fears? Hidden vulnerabilities?
- You came back.
- Of course.
Now. without exposing yourself.
focus efforts on getting closer.
We already know he's interested in you.
With no girlfriend in the way.
this will become an issue.
so control it. Control him. Be ruthless.
You're already close.
now we open him up.
He's yours for the taking.
I warn you. I'm a very bad loser.
That's too bad.
What do you say when you win.
again? Pasour?
You say nothing when you win.
Nothing.
I thought you said
you never played before.
Beginner's luck.
No.
Nu. No.
- No.
- Tickle. tickle. tickle.
No! Stop! Stop!
Hassan?
- Wait for me outside.
- Got it.
So. how much have you seen of Henry.
lately?
As I'm sure you know. we've
been working closely together
on something sensitive.
Okay. Honest opinion.
This row with Martian...
what do you make of it?
That it's just that a row. a...
disagreement.
The question is why is Henry elevating it
to the status of a betrayal?
Honestly. it seems
- most out of character.
- Go on.
Well. if I didn't know better.
I'd say it looks like something
performative's going on.
Performative? What does that mean?
Henry may be blowing this up
for a reason.
That reason would be
that he's concealing something himself.
All right. I want you to bring him in.
fully assess him.
Under the current circumstances.
Henry's not gonna like that at all.
Good.
Use it.
The last months
have tested my strength.
but they have also shown me
the power of international solidarity.
Henry wants to see you.
Come in.
Any news on Owen?
They operated this morning.
Anyone been to see him?
I'm gonna ask you
a number of questions.
Of course. your answers
are being recorded.
Am I under investigation?
When you transferred off Gremlin.
did you break protocol and ask anyone
on the Iran desk
for classified information
you should not have had access to?
- You clearly know I did.
- So you confirm this?
Yes.
Did anyone ask you to do this?
No.
I got bumped off. I wanted
to know what was going on.
Did you share information with anyone
inside or outside this department?
Henry.
Answer the question.
This is me.
No. I did not.
I would not. Ever.
What was your motive
for breaking protocol?
I saw what Martian was doing.
What was he doing?
He replaced me as handler
to gain direct access to Gremlin.
then he retargeted her.
Why would he do that?
Is what I would like to know.
That was your sole motive
for breaking protocol?
We had an agent in the field.
I was worried she was
about to be put at risk.
I was right.
Do you trust Martian?
- I don't have hard evidence...
- Do you trust him?
No.
Did you know Samia Zahir
is back in London?
Yes.
Did you know the NGO she's working for
is publicly backed by the UAE
and not so publicly
by British intelligence?
So?
So. did the Brits work her release?
If so. why?
For whom?
If I have any further questions.
I'll call you in.
There is one person in this office
I see spending more and more
time with Martian.
Hey. I'm the Arabic assistant
for the meeting at one o'clock.
I just need you to sign this. please.
Sure.
GHRA provide a trauma support
network for survivors
of war crimes.
We can connect you
with other Sudanese
who've been through
imprisonment and interrogation.
Now. we should warn you
that elements from the conflict
may try to contact you here in London.
If that happens. we can organize
legal and physical protections.
Now. we've red-flagged
a few Sudanese nationals
that we know to be operating in London.
Has anyone on this list approached you?
Do you recognize anyone here?
That man.
Osman Abdel-Aziz.
He contacted you here?
In Khartoum. I saw him.
We want to help you. Samia.
Perhaps if I might have
a moment alone?
We'll take a break. come back.
My number.
Call me anytime.
Just say you want to know when
you can pick up your black dress.
I'll hang up and come find you.
Where's Simon?
Crisis Room 2.
I need to see all phone
movements over the last year.
Searchable by date.
location. or individual.
Is that possible?
Sure. They don't shout about it.
but we collect on all employees...
It's not a complete data set.
I can build it out if you need to drill down.
Here.
House to office. Office to house.
In out. in out. Week in. Week out.
Weekends to his wife's country house.
Last summer.
Cornwall.
That would be me.
Send a link to my office.
They're not kin. We are. Mama and me.
How's Mama?
Not good.
Getting sicker.
It's getting out of control.
I'll pray for her.
Look. stay strong. I got to go.
That's a code.
"It's out of control" means they ID'd you.
"Not good" means they're onto me.
Viking knew right from the jump
someone was listening in.
Which was his cue to switch
to the secret channel of communication.
The chat on the dog site
started the next day.
When Snow White
was first approached by Owen.
did she make him right away?
Or was it in the bar.
when her mother asked questions?
Either way.
Snow White is briefed
to pull on the thread.
She meets with Owen. Calls
her brother. Uses the code.
It's getting out of control.
She knows her phone is tapped.
Viking has warned her.
"They'll follow you.
Surveil you. Tap your phones.
even the burners."
He knows he's being targeted by Owen.
Tells his sister. "Play the game."
Someone wants to trap me.
I'll get him first.
Bring him to me. You want
to play games? Let's play.
Lure me to some barn.
use my sister as bait.
Fine. So long as they think they're
one step ahead."
He could have acted earlier.
but he waited.
Viking knew we'd never
leave our agent behind.
He plays chess.
It's in Owen's first report.
Played for years since high school.
Played for a club in the Marines.
This guy's like us.
Trained by professionals.
Not some crazy vet gone rogue.
That's where he came from.
it isn't where he is now.
This man is an intelligence officer.
GRU. Moscow Center trained.
Highly skilled in the art of manipulation.
And he's running a sophisticated.
large-scale. international op.
turning diamonds
into geopolitical control.
And the best part is - If any of this
becomes public. they can reveal
that he was born in the USA.
and this whole thing was our black op
to mess up a poor African country.
It's a hell of a play.
Genius.
I wish it was us.
Why don't you. go have some coffee?
I'm good. I've had. like. four cups.
Go get some fucking coffee.
Pull up Martian's phone
the day we got Coyote back.
Why would it disappear here.
by Lincoln's Inn Fields? The tube?
It works on the tube.
Get the CCTV one hour either side
of every time he goes in and out
of that park.
Have you thought about just
doing what your father asks?
You're actually lucky.
you know that. right?
You have a father.
He thinks about you.
Worries about your future.
takes care of you.
Controls me. uses me.
ignores me.
Forget it. I'm just...
You know. I have to do stuff on my own.
Would be nice to have someone
to nag me or ask a favor of me.
Your dad gives you a lot and
doesn't ask for much in return.
That's... that's anyone's definition of love.
- Hey.
How you doing? You okay?
How am I doing?
I'm here. right? So...
I solved your riddle.
What riddle?
Siniyovich. It means "Deep Blue."
It's like the computer that beat Kasparov.
What's the face?
What face?
That. It's-it's...
Stop. It's creepy.
Something Martian taught me.
I'm covering my feelings.
I don't want them to bother you.
Come on.
You look like you're having
a stroke. Blair.
Just show me how you feel.
I'm not lying here pretending
what happened to me didn't happen.
Do something.
Scream. Cry.
Hit me. Whatever. anything.
Come in.
Sir.
Hi. Owen.
Could we have a minute?
Sure.
How you doing?
Good.
Have me on morphine.
so I wouldn't trust my answers.
I want you to know that
we had an option
to send in a rescue unit.
And?
We decided against it.
I decided against it.
So. you're the one to blame for this.
- Owen. I...
- Stop.
Come on.
Can I at least take
some of the blame for this?
I've had two missions. and so far.
I've lost all credibility. all self-respect
and a fucking leg.
Do you remember speaking with Martian
the morning of the day we freed Coyote?
He called me from his bike
and we ran the plan.
He was on the call when he got hit.
Do you recall
where he was coming from?
Lincoln's Inn.
Did he say what he was doing there?
He was m-meeting with a lawyer.
Why? What happened?
Did I mess something else up
I don't know about yet?
No. no. no. no. no. No. you did great.
I'm the reason you're...
in this hospital bed.
But you're alive thanks...
thanks to Martian.
Get well. Owen.
Thank you. sir.
- Hey.
- You stayed.
Yeah. I.
left my bag and coat in here.
And I.
wanted to say goodbye.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Bye.
What?
You know. when I thought
you weren't coming home.
I thought about how much
I was gonna miss you.
Was it a lot?
Okay.
Blair.
Besides the leg.
everything else still works.
Copy that.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for room 340.
rehabilitation physio. Dr. Alison Bell.
Dr. Bell? No. she used to be here.
but she's mainly private practice now.
Harley Street.
My mistake. Thank you.
- Hey.
- Hello.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. What do you mean?
Are you joking?
Dad. the last time I saw you.
you were. like...
- What?
- This place is fucking weird.
You know me. I like to keep a clean ship.
Besides. I smashed it up.
so it's really the least I can do.
You aren't gonna keep
telling me it was a break-in?
That's progress.
What happened to all the broken shit?
In the closet.
Do I dare ask why
you smashed up your own flat?
Bad day at work?
- Amazing.
- What?
Someone could walk in here
and see that smile
and think that nothing was wrong.
The last time I was here. this
place was smashed to pieces.
and now it's all in the closet.
Out of sight. hidden.
Look. you're right.
I got too good at hiding stuff.
But it's not all broken.
Not all of it.
Samia.
Ya Osman.
Hi. this is Samia Zahir.
I dropped a black dress off with you.
I wanted to know. when it would be ready.
Sure. What's the name?
Dr. Samia Zahir.
It'll be ready later this afternoon.
Should we let you know?
Yes. please.
Thank you.
I want Owen to hear this conversation.
We got sent a very clear signal.
It was Moscow Center
talking to this station. directly.
using maximum aggression and force.
How do we respond? Drones won't work.
He moves around.
his itinerary is unpatterned.
hides behind civilians.
Makes his calls from schools.
clinics. markets.
Military action would be an obvious
and undeniable escalation.
What we need is covert.
Viking's... on alert now.
He knows he's in play.
I won't send in another agent.
Risk is too high.
There's one pattern in his life
he won't interrupt.
The diamonds.
Flow of diamonds out and the money in.
Now. we find a Trojan horse
in that operation.
and we walk in a bomb.
Jesus. What happened to your hand?
Would you believe I saved
a whole school bus of kids
from going over a cliff?
No.
I did it.
Kissed the hand of the devil.
Then I beat up my own reflection.
fucked up my hand.
Felt better.
You could have glass in these cuts.
Just wait one second.
My father is spineless.
He should have thought of
another way to keep his position
with the mullahs.
You did what you had to do.
Your father will respect that.
Already has.
He offered me a job working for him.
His right hand man on some big project.
W-Will you take it?
My father reeks of disappointment.
frustration.
He wanted an international position:
the U.N..
advisor to some foreign
oil company. whatever.
He never got one.
It's pathetic.
And now...
I'm just as pathetic.
I don't think you're pathetic.
Why are you so nice to me?
Well. I like you.
You think I'm a fake.
Not fake.
More like...
- Like what?
- A pineapple.
What?
A pineapple.
All tough and spiky on
the outside. but underneath...
sweet.
Expansion at Fordow
mountain base to be led
by Iranian president's advisor
Majid Zamani.
Today. I confirm his intention
to involve Popeye
in restricted decision-making meetings.
Expect Popeye to take on
this role imminently.
and therefore have access
to relevant information.
Recruiting Popeye is a possibility
based on his mixed feelings
towards his father
and his strong desire to see
his country rejoin the modern.
globalized economy. post-sanctions.
Popeye will be keen to achieve a status
that his father coveted
but never obtained.
Well. this must be a surprise.
No. it's not.
Come on. cut the crap.
We both know why we're here.
Do we?
Bosko ordered me
just before he ordered you.
Do you know why he requested
your evaluation?
Because I disagreed with him.
Or because he sees you
struggling to cope.
Well. my father didn't love me.
A-And yes. before you say it.
I distrust this process.
I'd rather be waterboarded.
Pull my fucking fingernails already.
This isn't an interrogation.
- Henry.
- It isn't?
Now look who doesn't understand
why they're here.
Okay. so...
To save us a month or two.
may I jump in here
- with a firm steer?
- That would be great.
There exists a belief
that you harbor.
There exists a belief?
That you harbor feelings
of personal hostility
towards colleagues you imagine
threaten your authority.
your ability to lead.
Perhaps your superiority.
How do you feel when you hear that?
Like the last guy
in a suicidal death cult...
who refuses to drink the Kool-Aid.
Like...
maybe 37 years of diligent
and dangerous public service
wasn't such a good idea.
It's Blair. Can we meet?
I'm out of the office.
It's important.
Where?
Southwark Cathedral. South transept.
Give me 20 minutes.